So in the last
lecture, you learned how to use the concat method to combine two arrays.
Now, there is another way to achieve the same thing using the spread
operator in ES6. So I'm going to rewrite this code
using the spread operator, and you will see why this approach is cleaner
and more flexible. So, I'm going to define
combined as a new array, now we want to combine
all the elements of the first array and second array.
So we use the spread operator like this.
First and then second.
When we spread an array, all it's elements are spread individually.
So basically we're declaring a new array,
and in that array, we're adding the individual elements of the
first and second arrays. So this piece of code here
is exactly like this.
Okay? So,
we can see with the spread operator, we have a better visualization
of how these arrays are combined. It's very clear that we have an array
and in this array we have all the elements of the first array,
followed by all the elements of the second array. Now with this spread operator,
we have more flexibility, let's say as part of combining these
two arrays, we want to add an element in between them,
you can do that easily like this. Or we can add something at the end.
Again we can clearly see what the combined array looks like.
In contrast, if you want to do the same thing using the concat
method, our code is going to be more complex. So this is how
we can use the spread operator to combine two arrays. Now in the
last lecture, you learned that if you call the slice method without any
arguments, this will return a copy of the original array,
here. So let's call that copy,
now once again we can use the spread operator to copy all the
elements of an array into a new array. So we can rewrite this code
like this. Constant, copy,
we create a new array, and then spread the
combined array. So this will return all the elements
of the combined array, and put them into this new area.